{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11800\viewh9180\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thanks for visiting. This file contains from sample data from a paper (that can be found here:https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/pce.13990), and a small piece of R code that can used to model photosynthetic carbon assimilation as a function of temperature. More specifically, the "ATcurve" function can be used to calculate the Topt, Popt, "Omega", and Tmax parameters using two separate models. Model "1" is used to estimate Topt, Popt, "Omega", and model "2" is used to estimate a second set of estimates of Topt, Popt, plus Tmax. \
\
Model 1 is adapted from:\
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
June, T., Evans, J. R., & Farquhar, G. D. (2004). A simple new equation for the reversible temperature dependence of photosynthetic electron transport: A study on soybean leaf. Functional Plant Biology, 31, 275\'96283. \
\
Model 2 is adapted from: \
Cunningham, S. C., & Read, J. (2003). Do temperate rainforest trees have a greater ability to acclimate to changing temperatures than tropical rainforest trees? New Phytologist, 157, 55\'9664. \
\
Estimates from model 1 or 2 can be calculated by indicating \'931\'94 or \'932\'94 in the \'93\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ATcurve\'94 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
function. Outputs from both models are given if  \'933\'94 is entered. \
\
Required input for the is as follows:\
1) Tleaf -vector of leaf temperature data ]\
2) A- vector of photosynthetic temperature assimilation data\
3) id- sample id \
4) plot.est- T/F, indicating if you want to plot the results of your modelling curve\
5) boots- the number of bootstrap iterations for estimating parameters\
6) mods-1, 2, 3 indicating the model procedure to be used\
\
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 I figured different users will probably have different preference for plotting, so the plots that are made with this function are pretty basic. For example, multi-paneled plots are probably desirable for large datasets\
\
\
If you use this code or this data, please consider citing the papers above. Thanks.\
\
}